- [static]
♪
- [radio static]
- RADIO HOST: Beautiful day
in sunny California.
- [radio static]
- [hip hop music playing]
♪
Mmm
Ooh
In one million years, mm
I never thought I'd meet
someone that's perfect
Hmm
I never thought that...
...Someone could make my mind
go round in circles
Hmmm
I never thought there was...
A beach with
jet-black sand in Jersey
Ooh, hmm
Like my legs
I can't walk around without
you
Like my heart
The rhythm's
bound to change without you
The way it beats
Tappin' on my mind
When I think about you girl
Holdin' on,
I can't let go of you
Oh, yeah
Said I heard
That it never really
rains in Arizona
That's what I heard,
and it came
From the mouth of the one
that I'm all in love with
Girl
Like the words of a preacher
to the ears of a deacon
Your eyes don't see
the same when you're sleepin'
I'm so in love, in love
Guess I'm goin' to Arizona
- Put your hands together,
come on, church,
put your hands together, yes.
I know you out there.
[unintelligible]
When you can trust him,
oh, trust him.
Just be obedient
and he will bless you.
- CROWD: Yes.
- Yes, put your hands together.
Let's receive the choir.
- [applause]
- Yes!
- MAN: Hallelujah!
- [organ music playing]
♪
Have your way,
Holy Spirit
Have your way
Manifest your annointing
In this place
Overflow, rain down
Your spirits right now
In this place
- Have your way,
Holy Spirit
Have your way
Manifest your annointing
In this place
Overflow, rain down
Your spirits right now
In this place
- CHOIR: In this place
- We need your touch
We need your touch
Holy Spirit
- We need your touch
We need your touch
Holy Spirit
- Wait. Kevin, stop, stop, stop.
- What?
- We're in church,
my auntie's out there.
- My mom is too.
- [chuckles] What?
- [laughing] I can't
believe I just said that.
- Me either. You're so bad.
- What?
- You know how she is.
- [sighs] Yeah, you're right.
She's probably looking
for you right now too.
- Mm-hmm.
- Let's get out of here.
- Let's go.
- My bowtie.
- [laughing] Okay.
- Let's go.
- Yes, Jesus loves me
Yes, Jesus loves me
- [gasping]
- Mm-hmm, don't worry.
Your secret's safe with me.
Find God, children.
Yes, Jesus loves me
The Bible tells me so
- I'mma tell you
without intro
Keep my name out your
[unintelligible]
As far as I can see
your girl's a [unintelligible]
- KEVIN: Alright, my man,
you have a good one.
- The wrong occupation have
you like a crash dummy
Rumbling your tummy
Back stark naked
Hunger in my eyes
They'll probably think
I'm fakin'
- [car driving away]
♪
- Hey, Ma.
You home?
- [water running]
- [dishes clanking]
- MOM: Kevin?
- KEVIN: [chuckles]
- Oh!
[laughing]
Oh, I didn't expect to see you
for another two weeks!
Boy, you can't just
pop in here like that,
how do you know I haven't
found a man?
- Who? Jesus? Ain't nobody
in here but Jesus.
- Oh, boy, stop! Come here,
let me get a good look at you,
collard greens, cornbread
and yams.
let me see.
You all skinny.
I need to fatten you up.
We going shopping tonight,
we gon' get you some pork ribs,
collard greens corn bread
It's all that fast-paced life
you living.
And that no-good ex.
Thank God, ex!
- Ah, Mama, don't start.
- You right, don't get me
started. She was a hot mess.
Gold digger. And I'm glad
you got rid of her.
- Are you done? Are you done?
- Matter of fact, I am.
Now, I wasn't expecting you
for two weeks,
what brings you home now?
- Terry in rehab, I wanna make
sure I'm on top of that.
- Is everything alright?
- Yeah,
I'm gonna keep it that way.
Especially with this draft
coming up soon.
- Do you think
he really has a shot?
- Well, if he's 100%
healthy, yeah.
- Well, then it's good
you came home, then, baby.
God got you.
- [chuckles]
- Now, since this
is a surprise,
I really didn't have no time
to prepare anything,
except some cookies
I picked up earlier,
and I got some tea over there
on the stove.
- Mama, don't worry about
nothing, I ate on the way.
- You know, everybody is really,
really happy
and very thankful
for you believing in Terry.
Lord knows he could use
that right now,
little dude ain't know
my son really ain't got
nothing better to do.
Well, am I lying?
- [scoffs] What the--?
- MOM: [laughing]
You hate coaching.
You ain't really been happy
since you
stopped playing football
in Canada.
- Ma, why are you throwing
these little blows at me today?
I just got here.
- MOM: Boy, you know I love you.
And I wanna see you happy.
That's what moms are for.
- Yeah. Yeah. [slurps]
- MOM: I know this is new
territory for you,
but you're the best person
for this job,
and you're the only one
who still believes in him
after that girl's bullshit
accu--excuse me, Lord,
you know I slip sometimes.
- [chuckles]
- After this girl's accusations.
You know, she didn't show up
until he became an NBA prospect,
and just like that, all
the people who believed in him
went the other way,
except you. Now.
He sort of reminds me of you
when you were in high school,
remember? After all that
went down with little Jasmine?
When she left...
you were pretty messed up.
You even quit playing football
after that,
didn't even play
your senior year.
Luckily,
someone believed in you.
- Yeah. Well, you know what?
I got a good lawyer on him.
I just wanna do right, Ma.
You know this--all this is
new to me.
There's a difference between
playing Canadian football
and now I'm--I'm a agent,
and I have a client
that's playing a totally
different sport.
- You're gonna do great, baby.
I believe in you.
We all believe in you.
- [birds chirping]
- Yeah, so we have Monday
available at 2:00. Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, see you then--
Oh, sorry,
we have Monday at 1:30.
Okay, we'll send a text
confirmation. See you then.
- What are they talking about?
- What they saying?
- They saying your vertical
is not that good,
of course we know that,
you got your ankle messed up.
- Come on, man.
- That's stupid.
- Hey, guys, has my, uh,
1:30 arrived yet?
- Uh, let me check.
- TERRY: What else they saying?
- Jasmine?
- Kevin?
- KEVIN: Wow.
Wow.
- Long time.
- [laughing] Who are you
telling? Too long.
- What's it been?
Like, high school?
- Uh, something like
17 years now?
- It's a very long time.
- Yeah, yeah.
Too long, I must say.
- So, are you injured?
What are you doing here?
- Me? Oh. I'm so sorry, my--
my client, um, my client,
Terry Matthews, yeah,
he has a appointment here
to see the doctor.
- That would be me.
Yeah, Dr. Smith is out
with a family matter,
so I'm covering
his appointments.
- You're a doctor?!
- JASMINE: Yes, I am.
Physical therapist.
- KEVIN: Wow.
- In fact,
I head up the clinic.
- KEVIN: Head of the clinic.
- Yes, head of the clinic.
- Wow, this is...honestly
good news all the way around,
it's like a big sigh of relief
because, uh, I actually know
that Terry's gonna be
in good hands.
- Terry.
Hello, Dr. Washington.
Let's get you in the back
and see how you're progressing.
- Okay.
- Right this way.
- [phone ringing]
- JASMINE: How does this feel?
- Ah, ah, it hurts right there.
- It's okay, it's okay, alright.
What about this direction?
- Not so much right there.
- Not so bad? Alright. Alright.
Still a bit tender,
but you're healing nicely.
Alright, so here's how
we're gonna keep you on track.
Don't apply too much pressure,
keep your same four-days-a-week
sessions with Dr. Smith,
and within another four to six
months, you'll be good as new.
- I'll be fine, right, Doc?
- Like it never happened.
- Alright.
- JASMINE: [chuckles]
Ah. Alright.
Easy, easy, easy.
Alright? That's your
money-maker, baby, so...
- I got it, I got it.
- [laughs]
- Um, I like everything
you said, but...why not you?
- Because I have
a full schedule.
- Okay.
- It was great seeing you,
Kevin.
- Okay. You too, Jasmine.
- YOUNG JASMINE: I feel bad you
didn't go celebrate
with your team.
We could've went,
I don't mind.
To you. After another
great game and for being
so highly recruited as a junior.
I'm really happy for you.
- Thank you.
- I colored it and everything
for you.
- [chuckles] I see that.
I actually might keep this one.
- You better!
- BOTH: [laughing]
- Ah, thank you, though,
I like it.
What's up with these records,
though?
- Yeah, I love collecting.
- TLC.
- Mm-hmm.
- How d'you know about them?
- They're my favorite.
- Yeah. That's what's up.
No hip-hop, though.
- Nope. No hip-hop.
One day, I'm gonna meet
each of them
and have them personally
autographed.
- Mm, I mean, if you ask me
personally,
I think you're doper than
all these artists. I'm serious.
And one day...when you go
big and famous,
I want front-row seats
to every one.
- Thanks.
- Yeah, you're welcome.
- And you got my word. [laughs]
- Alright then. [chuckles]
I'm curious, though, why do you
go to school so far away?
I mean, you're the only person
I know that lives in Inglewood
but goes to school all the way
in Santa Monica.
- Well, you can thank
my parents for that.
They just...never really
liked this area very much.
The only reason I live here is
because they're away on duty
and my Auntie Addis lives here.
- Addis.
- They feel Santa Monica
Catholic Prep gives me
a better opportunity,
especially for singing.
- I mean, it does make sense.
- Can I ask you something?
- What's up?
- Out of all the girls
at your school, why me?
- You're unique.
And...
Nobody else had
a voice like yours.
- But...
Am I pretty?
- Are you pretty? Really?
Really?!
- [laughs]
- Come here, give me some.
Yeah, you're pretty.
- [laughing]
♪ I can see you sail away
♪ Or maybe it's just
the shadow of your innocence
♪ See, ask me if I'm ready,
yeah
♪ You know what I came for
♪ Baby girl, you know
I ain't scared
♪ Ooh
♪ I can't wait for the lights
to go down
♪ Oh, yeah
♪ I hear your heavy breathing
- You're beautiful.
♪ Ooh
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
- If you don't want to,
we don't have to.
- I do. I want you to be
my first.
- And the anticipation
is driving us wild
♪ Oh, yeah, I can't put
my finger on it
♪ Something about you
♪ I'll figure it out if
I put my hands on you
♪ Hands on you
♪ Ooh, none of these others
compare to you
♪ Won't come close to you
♪ They ain't touching you
like I do
♪ When I put my hands on you
♪ Hands on you
♪ I can't wait to get
my hands on you
♪ I can't wait to touch you
like...
♪ On my head,
you're screaming like...
- WOMAN ON SPEAKER:
Dr. Washington,
your two o'clock has arrived.
- MEN: [laughing]
- TERRY: Well, you all boys
play too much. Uh-uh, easy.
Ah, ah, ah, game, man.
I thought you fools
knew better, man.
- Okay, alright,
so we're a little rusty.
I got this next one.
- You know what?
You talk too much, Terry,
you really do.
Let me see how you do
next round,
now serve the damn cards, boy.
- Yeah, I talk,
but I backed it up.
- [scoffs, laughs]
- Well, he's cocky.
We need that for the league.
- I don't know. He gon'
dominate that league.
Ain't that right,
Terry Matthews?
- Believe it, but before
I dominate the league, man,
I'm goin to have to dominate you
boys right here tonight.
- WALLY:
Ah, arrogant bastard.
-
- Boy! Ah!
Girl. This fool just
touched my--
- Yeah, I already know because
that skimpy little dress
sends off one signal.
- What signal?
- That you're like them thots,
uh, let me see...over there.
- JASMINE AND SONYA:
Yeah, right there.
- Yo mama. Yo mama.
- [laughs]
Okay, wait, wait, wait,
you do know that we can order
drinks from here, right?
You don't have to keep on
sashaying over to the bar?
- Yes, but that bartender
over there is fine,
did you see his body? Mm.
- No, I kinda missed it 'cause
you were all up in his face.
Mm.
- BRIANA: Anyway--
- All that.
- Y'all hoes just jealous.
You jealous.
- Maybe a little.
- They're sitting really
nice, Bri-Bri.
- Oh, thank you.
- Gorgeous ladies in the VIP.
Church, preach,
tabernacle.
It's the only way
we gonna get any action
- Well, alright, bishop.
Church.
- No, girl, control yourself.
- Girl, what?
I was just gonna ask him
to pray for me.
- [scoffs]
- Briana, why you so crazy?
[laughing] Oh, my gosh.
- We all need to pray.
- TERRY: Ah.
Ah! Full house, baby,
it's too easy, man.
- KEVIN: This is wack.
- WALLY: Jesus,
where did you get him.
I wanna play Uno.
- TERRY:
That's my game too, bro.
- What did you do in school?
Reading, math, social studies?
- Dang! This is crazy, man.
I don't know what he doing,
but he cheatin'.
Wally, guess who I ran
into today?
She one of his rehabilitation
doctors.
- Uh...I don't have a crystal
ball, I don't know.
- Ah, it might be in Andrea's
purse with your other two balls.
- [laughing]
- Oh, ball joke.
[laughing]
[mumbling]
- I get it.
[laughing]
[mumbling]
- [laughs] Tight!
Nah, man, you remember
the girl in college
that I was telling you about?
- WALLY: Oh, Jennifer.
- The one I went to high school
with, she sang in the church?
- Oh, Jenesha.
- No. Jasmine.
- Oh. Snap, man.
You used to talk to Jasmine?
- KEVIN: Did I?
- Oh, my God, now, she's fine.
- KEVIN: She is.
- Hey, man, look,
when I finally get me a girl,
I wanna pull me somebody
just like that.
- I'm good.
Big Dog, this is my VIP.
Hello, beautiful ladies,
welcome to VIP.
- SONYA: Hello.
- BRIANA: Thank you.
- My name is Boss Man.
- Jasmine.
- BOSS MAN: Nice to meet you.
- Sonya.
- Oh, I had an ex named Sonya,
nice to meet you.
- SONYA AND JASMINE: [laughing]
- Briana.
- BOSS MAN: Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Briana, very nice.
- I see you guys already
drinking the Sugar Skull rum.
Excellent choice.
Would you guys like
any more drinks?
- Oh, sure, yes.
- Nice.
- Never seen you before.
Take it you the quiet one.
- No, more like she just
needs some good sex.
- Sonya, are you serious
right now?
- BARTENDER: Well, uh.
- Don't tell him.
- Got a pretty strong back,
baby.
- [laughs]
- SONYA: Ew.
- We don't mix business
with pleasure.
You wanna work here?
- My bad.
- Thank you so much for
that information,
but I'm actually the, um,
married one.
- Damn.
- Ah, boys we'll come get you
after a few drinks, okay?
- Whatever you guys want,
you got it.
- Thank you.
Ooh, Jasmine.
- Lucky me, your pop is 100.
- My bad.
- Did he just--
- You heard.
- He likes you!
- I feel so violated right now.
- All of that, but Boss Man
is looking fine, okay?
- Oh, my God, but his wife's
still on Similac.
- His wife's a little young,
yes,
but he's cute.
- Jasmine, I need you
to relax tonight.
All you do is work, we never
even see you anymore.
- I'm trying, ladies.
- BRIANA: Do you tonight.
Turn up.
- Yes.
- JASMINE: I'm trying--
- Turn up.
- Turning up requires a shot?
- Yes!
- Cheers, ladies,
to independence and freedom.
- Independence and freedom.
- How about that?
Independence and freedom.
- Okay, alright.
- Yes.
- Cheers.
- Cheers!
- Okay.
- Woo. Wooh! Whew.
Wooh!
- Oh, my God.
- What the heck
was that, Clorox?
- [laughing]
- Oh, my gosh.
Okay. I got this, I got this.
Yo, Boss Man, we are ready
for that round now.
- On the way, baby.
Take care of the VIP.
- [cheering]
- Now which one of you
heffas gon' bring me home?
Oh, my God.
- [laughing]
- Thank you!
- JASMINE: Alright,
party over here!
♪ I got a ton of drip
♪ I wanna flood the --
I wanna flood
♪ Spend me a dub,
spend me a dub
♪ I'm focused on money,
focused on money
♪ I keep them racks on me
♪ Don't f-- with my money
- Anyways, look, though,
it's like, something about her,
I don't know what it is,
but I just hope
I run into her again,
you know, take my time and...
I think everything gon' work
out, man, because me and her
got a lot of catching up
to do.
- Yeah, and while
you're meditating on that...
you fools meditate on this.
Game, man!
Three in a row, man,
game over, it's not even fun.
- I don't wanna play anymore.
Let's play Uno.
- Yeah, I don't wanna play
no more neither, man.
♪ It's nothing new to me,
baby, been had the bands now
♪ Givenchy all over me,
gotta make sure I stand out
♪ it,
I got up out the mud
♪ Never had my hands out
♪ Keep the four-fifth
by the seatback
♪ Better get back
'fore I click back
♪ all that chit chat
♪ Leave you slumped over
at your kickback
♪ Made ten mil
in my first year
♪ Ten carats in both ears
♪ Paid 10k for these Cartiers
just so I can see clear
♪ She touching all over
my fashion
♪ These diamonds be dancing
♪ I throw it up Monday
at Magic
♪ She eat up -- like a savage
♪ The same -- stood
on the block with me
♪ The same --
took to the top with me
hoppin' out 'Raris
♪ Be foreign like
we hit the lottery
- So how'd it go?
- JASMINE: [exhales]
It was nice.
Oh, before I forget,
Sonya and Briana both said
to tell you hello.
And Sonya invited us over
to the house for dinner.
- I'll keep that in mind.
- Robert, come on.
Honey, hanging out with them
tonight reminded me that I need
to get out more.
We need to get out more.
Honey, all we ever do is work
and we barely see each other.
- Then go out with your girls,
babe, nobody's stopping you.
- I will.
So what about you?
Just another
long day at the office?
- It wasn't bad.
- JASMINE:
Huh, that's interesting.
I mean, you did just roll
up in here at 2:00AM,
you still got on your work
clothes,
you're just getting home, so,
you know... [chuckles]
- Uh, me and a couple of guys
from the job
stopped and grabbed
drinks afterwards.
- Oh. Really. What guys?
- Uh...you know, John,
and...
- JASMINE: Oh, yes, John.
The guy with the mail-order
bride from Russia?
- Yes, that John.
- JASMINE: Oh, wow.
How could I forget John?
Who else?
- ROBERT: Um...
just some random people,
nobody important.
- Oh, it must've been kinda
important for you to just be
getting home at 2:00AM.
- Damn, Jasmine, what is
with all these questions?
- JASMINE:
Okay, calm down, please.
Alright? I was just asking
'cause I was thinking that...
[stumbles] since you were out
anyway, that maybe
you could've joined us.
- ROBERT: Maybe next time.
- [scoffs]
- [water running]
- [phone vibrates]
- Ha.
- [sighs] Look,
tell your friends
that we have bigger goals
and bigger dreams,
and that's why we have to work
like we do.
Okay? Alright?
[sighs] [kisses]
What's wrong?
- Just not in the mood.
Goodnight.
- Three, yeah, come on, come on.
Oh, yeah.
Two, there you go, come on.
One more, one more,
one more, one more.
- [groans]
- One more for the hood, boy.
- One more for the hood.
One more for the hood.
[groans]
- Yeah, man.
Not bad for a weakling.
- Okay, who you calling
weak, little limpy boy?
You better watch it.
- Whoa.
- You still got it,
even though
you got the little limpy leg.
- TERRY: [grunts]
- Let's see what
you about to do, huh?
- TERRY: Finn'a go about
15 to 20--
- [phone rings]
- Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Wally. Wally!
- WALLY: [snoring]
- Walter!
- Put three 45's on it,
I got it.
- Man, can you please spot him
while I take this call?
- TERRY: I don't need a spot,
I got this.
- [phone continues ringing]
- Why you calling me?
- GABRIELLE: I miss you.
A lot.
- [scoffs]
Now you realize that, huh?
- GABRIELLE: If you give me
a minute to explain--
- Can we talk about this later,
please?
- GABRIELLE: I miss you, baby.
- Okay.
- GABRIELLE: I love you.
- TERRY: Wally. Wally! Wally!
- Hey, man!
I thought you said
you had it, man!
- [door creaks]
- Sorry to keep you waiting.
- Hi.
- Hello.
So.
Everything looks fine.
There's nothing in here
that suggests that you can't
get pregnant naturally.
It could be that you're
taking on a lot of stress
and sometimes that prevents.
My suggestion to you
is to remain patient
and right now, I don't
recommend an IVF,
especially at this stage.
- Okay.
- I know that you guys have
been trying for some time,
but keep trying,
and try to limit your stress.
Go out, have some fun.
- [exhales]
- It will happen
when it's supposed to.
- Wow. [chuckles]
Not exactly what we wanted
to hear, but, uh...
we all know how much he--
we want this, and...
I guess we'll just keep
on trying.
- Yes, we will keep...trying.
- Okay.
♪
- [lighter flicks]
- [front door opening, closing]
- [steps approaching]
- [door creaking]
- Cheers.
- Wow.
- JASMINE: [chuckles]
- You did all this?
- I did.
For you.
- ROBERT: Hmm.
- For us.
[giggles]
- ok
How was work?
- It was good.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
What do you say we get you
out of these clothes?
- I agree.
- Hmm? Mm.
- Mm.
- [phone ringing]
- One second, hold on.
Hold on, hold on.
It's work, gotta take this,
give me one second.
- Seriously?!
- ROBERT: I gotta take it, baby.
One second, okay?
Yeah?
Take a look at the Excel chart.
It's in the third column.
Yes, everything that you need
should be right there.
Okay. Okay.
Ay, ay, ay.
Where were we?
- Come here, let me show you.
[chuckles]
Guess who's not wearing
any panties. [laughs]
- ROBERT: [growls]
- JASMINE: [laughs]
- ROBERT: You're so bad.
- [phone ringing]
- Mm, mm, mm, one second, wait.
Hold on, baby, hold on, hold on.
It's work, I gotta take this.
- Could you please not take it?
- ROBERT: I gotta take it.
- I am really
trying here, Robert.
- ROBERT: It's work, baby. I--
just give me a second, okay?
Just a minute.
Yeah?
Okay, that would be
in the folder
entitled "Annual Finances."
Yes, sir, there's a spreadsheet
in there, pull that up,
and everything that you need
should be in there.
What do I pay you?!
Dumb as a bag of...
[unintelligible]
[sighs] Okay, baby,
I'm done, I'm done.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, I'm sure, I'm sure.
So.
- Are you sure?
- It's off, baby.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Mm, God. [moans]
- [applause]
- PREACHER: Come on, church,
put your hands together
if you love the Lord today.
- WOMAN: Amen.
- [applause]
- My brothers and sisters,
today our text,
Luke, Chapter 15,
points at a love
that never gets cold.
- Yes.
- PREACER: The pensman today
wants us to see
not a son who leaves home
and indulge in riotous living.
The writer wants us not to see
a son who trusts friends
who work only with him
because of what he had.
Instead,
my brothers and sisters,
the text is tailored
to teach us about the love
that the father has in spite
of the son.
- [agreeing]
- PREACHER:
This lesson teaches us that...
- [phone ringing]
- Yes, ma'am?
- NURSE: Hey, Jas.
Your 12:30 just called
and cancelled.
You can go ahead and leave
for the day if you like
and I'll lock up.
- Uh...I think I'm gonna stay
and play
a little bit of catch-up.
- NURSE: Okay, do you mind
if I go ahead and leave?
- Hmm.
It is Sunday, isn't it?
Enjoy your weekend.
- NURSE: Okay,
then, see you later.
- PREACHER: "Father, father--"
- Night.
- "--I don't deserve to be
your son, I've done wrong,
I've been out in the bottom
of life."
Father looks around and tells
the servant,
"Bring me a robe
and bring me a ring,
"I must remind my son
of who he is
and who he belongs to."
- CONGREGATION: [agreeing]
- [applause]
-
- Jasmine, I need you
to pick up that note.
You're sounding a tad flat,
girl.
And stand up, ladies,
this ain't aerobic class.
- Okay.
- MILTON: [clears throat]
-
- Have your way,
Holy Spirit, have your way
[laughs]
Ooh, it looks good.
- Ooh. Looking good.
No, ah-uh! Not ready yet.
Little too hot.
There we go. You got it, girl.
That's what I'm talking about.
- [laughs]
- A broken arm doesn't mean
a broken spirit.
You keep that head held high,
okay?
- [phone ringing]
- Yes, Daddy,
for the 100th time, I'm excited.
[sniffles]
- [phone ringing]
- Hey.
- YOUNG JASMINE: I need you.
- Hey, you okay?
- YOUNG JASMINE:
Can you get to church?
- I'm on my way, alright?
What's wrong?
- Come on, Kev,
what's taking so long? Let's go!
Hey, yo, dude,
we're hungry, let's go.
Hey, yo, plus $10 for gas.
Man, tell us we didn't
come all this way for this lame.
You gotta be kidding me, Kev.
Come on, bro, this is a dog.
You better than this, Kev.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, Kevin just lost
the player card for this one.
- [laughing]
- GUY: Come on, man.
You're better than this,
tell me this ain't for real.
- No, man,
you know me better than that.
It's just some girl
from church, bro.
- GUY: If you're this desperate,
I got this girl in Home Ec,
whoa, she's a dime piece, bro.
Better than this duck, look it,
high socks, ashy knees.
What? Oh, okay, bye. Bye!
♪
- You good. Go, Kev.
Come on, man, you good.
You...good, you good. Bye.
- [sighs]
- [engine starting]
- PREACHER: Remember
♪ Sometimes up,
sometimes you'll be down
♪ Mmm
♪ You got friends
and loved ones
♪ And sometimes they won't
even come around
- CONGREGATION: [agreeing]
♪ Mmm
♪ But keep looking up
♪ You gonna get through it
♪ Ask me how long
♪ God's gonna see to it
♪ He'll fix it for you
♪ And while you're riding alone,
remind yourself
♪ I know that God's
the Lord
♪ We ride
- CHOIR: He'll fix it
- PREACHER: Yes he will
- PREACHER:
Good God almighty
♪ 'Cause you...
Thank you.
- ROBERT: [sighs] Oof.
[sighs]
- So?
Are you gonna tell her?
- [sighs] I don't know.
- Well, do you love her,
or...
do you love me?
'Cause if you love me...
then you should tell her,
but if you love her,
why are you always here with me?
- Look, come on now,
you knew what this was
when we started this.
- Yeah, well, I'm not cool
with the arrangement anymore.
- Okay. I gotta go. Gotta go.
- Yeah. Always. I get it.
- [engine roaring]
- [R&B ballad playing
on car radio]
[radio shuts off]
- [crickets chirping]
- [front door opens, shuts]
- [soft piano music playing]
-
Yeah
- KEVIN: [laughs]
When did you start
smoking cigarettes?
- Don't judge, Kev.
- [chuckles] I'm not, I'm not.
Uh, may I?
Um...just to give you
a little update on the boy.
He's doing real good.
Big progress, and, uh,
they want to apply
pressure on it now.
- Yeah, he's a good kid.
- Yeah?
- Told you a thousand
times he would be fine.
- You did. You did say that.
[laughs]
[clears throat]
Jasmine, back in the day--
- No, no.
Absolutely not,
don't even try to go there.
- I'm going inside
to check on the boy.
I just wanted to tell you
I was sorry.
- Sorry? Sorry?!
After all these years that's
all you got to say is sorry?!
What I wanna know
is how the hell
you could just stand there.
At the time that I needed you
most,
you couldn't even defend me?!
Kev, I thought you had my back.
- Jasmine,
for the past 17 years
I've had to live with that.
It's been haunting me
ever since.
I would do anything
to take that day back.
- There are some things in life
we can't take back.
-
- [no audible speech]
- Ms. Addis.
Where's she going?
- Haven't you done enough?
She don't need your kind
of trouble right now.
- Look, I never meant to hurt
her, I was just being a jerk,
and I'm sorry, like,
when is she coming back?
- Just leave her be.
Just leave her be.
- Please! I need to talk to her!
- She needed to speak
to you too, boy, where were you?
- I know, I'm s--
- ADDIS: Is she a dog to you?
Huh?! Somebody to come
when you call? Huh?!
- No, I'm gonna make it up
to her, I promise,
I just need to know
when she's coming back.
- She's not coming back!
There's been a accident.
Her mother died, boy.
She needed you, and you missed
the chance to be there for her.
Go on and go home!
Get on out of here!
- Look, I was a stupid
little kid.
- Dude, I don't wanna--
- I said I am sorry, okay?
I'm sorry.
-
- [yelling]
Come on, come on, boy!
-
- Yeah, come on!
Just like old times, baby!
Keep it going, come on!
Come on!
[unintelligible]
Come on! No, we not.
No we not--
Come on, Mister "I'm accountable
to do all this,
"what you gon' do today?
Whatever we gon' do,
I'm gonna work out," come on!
- I thought we were gonna,
like, do a couple of...
brisk walks around the gym.
- No, we was never doing
no brisk walks or nothing,
we was coming here to work out,
that's what we was doing, okay?
- Some of us didn't play
football after college,
you know?
The only running I'm doing
is for cheeseburgers
and donuts.
- What?
- We gotta ease into this!
- Man, nobody easing
into nothing, alright?
You over here running around,
right?
Feeling like you pregnant,
and you look pregnant,
and then--man, what is that?
You're eating the wrong food,
that's your main problem!
- It's just a snack.
- Ain't no snack.
- Listen.
The girls in the 'Wood like
men with a little meat
on their bones, not like
those Santa Monica types.
What's her name? Jomanda?
- Man, Jasmine.
- [laughing]
- [laughs]
- WALLY: How's that going?
- Not good.
- Well, give it up,
she's out of your league.
She's probably in one of those
big houses in the Palisades,
dating one of them rich actors.
You're broke.
Until Terry hits the NBA,
you ain't got nothing
going for ya.
Move on!
- Yeah, appreciate that, Wally.
Making me feel a whole
lot worse.
- WALLY: That's what
I'm here for, man.
- KEVIN: Yeah, you asshole.
- [laughing] Listen, seriously.
What you guys did to her
back then...
even if she never
speaks to you again,
at least you got to say
your piece,
and now you can move on.
- Thanks, man. Yeah, thanks.
Like, I feel a lot better, man.
- Me too.
- KEVIN: Yeah.
- This is my kids' lunch.
Let's get a burger.
- Wooh, definitely, 'cause
I am definitely starving.
Let's go, you're gonna drive.
[laughs]
- [groans]
- KEVIN: I know that.
I know that,
we're not doing that.
I'm not doing that.
- [groaning] Spasms.
- I'm not doing that, Wally.
- Oh, it's moving!
It's going down the leg!
Oh, God, help me up.
Help me up, help me up.
- Come on, man.
You're too lazy, dude.
- [grunts]
- Come on, I can't--
- [groans]
- Come on, Wally, get up!
- [groaning]
-
- Did I ever tell you that
when I was a kid,
all I wanted to do was sing?
- I didn't know that.
Learn something new every day.
- And one day, I just stopped.
Didn't love it anymore.
But for some reason,
I was thinking about it
the other day and realized
that...
it's not because I didn't
love singing, but...
that I associated it with
all these horrible things
that were happening
at the same time.
- Or, it's called
accepting reality, growing up.
I mean, what's the chances you
would've made it anyway?
Gotta stop living in the past.
Gotta go.
- [door opens, shuts]
- Heck is wrong with this
dang thing?
Alright, here we go--
Hey.
- Hey.
- Yeah, I was, uh,
no use inside.
- Hmm.
- While he was getting
his ankle rehabbed,
came out here.
- Guess that could get
kind of weird.
- I know, right?
- I told you you don't have
to come to all of his sessions,
he's in good hands, I promise.
- Well, I'm very hands-on.
Especially with my first client.
- Well, it's a beautiful day
and I'm going out for a walk.
Care to join me?
- [exhales] Okay.
- Hmm. This way. [chuckles]
- It's just weird how we
ran into each other.
- Weird?
- Yeah.
- Dude, I was in shock.
- Hmm.
So, how--how long have you
been here?
- Hmm, about a year and a half.
I came back but briefly
about four years ago
when Aunt Addis passed.
♪
- Sorry to hear that.
- I know. She was so sweet.
- I remember her.
- Yeah, she'd been sick
for a long time, so.
- Huh.
- After that I didn't
have a reason to come back
until my husband got
an executive position
with Bank of America and...
we chose to come here.
- Husband?
- Hmm. Five years.
Then one of his high-profile
clients needed
a physical therapist
for his office and...
I got the gig, ha-ha.
Thank you very much.
- Congratulations.
- Appreciate that. Mm-hmm.
So, what's up with you,
you married?
- Was engaged but it didn't
work out.
- Sorry to hear that.
- No big deal.
- So I've been trying
to figure this out,
are you a sports agent
for basketball, football,
baseball, soccer,
what you doing? [laughs]
- I actually wouldn't say
all that, you know,
I kinda got thrown into
my situation.
- Ah. Got it.
- Yeah, um, got my first client.
- Ooh, bravo to you.
- After college, I...
played Canadian football
for five years,
and then I started coaching
and...
- Wow. [laughs]
- Here I am. [chuckles]
- Okay, that's some
journey, Kev.
- Yeah, well, the best part
of the journey is,
what can I say?
Being on the West Coast.
- Ah.
- 'Cause...
the East Coast weather...
- I hate snow.
- Yeah.
- I like to hibernate
in the wintertime.
- You can love it sometimes,
it all depends.
- [chuckles]
Yeah, everything depends.
- [laughs]
- It's beautiful.
- Yeah.
[clicks tongue]
- [laughs] Wow.
- It's nice.
- It's very nice.
- [laughing]
- I mean, it was nice,
but it was kind of weird,
'cause it was like
being in high school again.
- [humming]
- Aw, that's sweet.
- Very sweet.
- Okay.
- He's a sports agent.
- He's a sports agent, yes.
- Is he single?
- He's off the market, Briana.
- Oh, bummer.
- [giggling]
- Here you go, ladies.
- Oh, my.
My, my, my, my.
Hmm. I'm next. [clears throat]
Thank you, darling.
- And the cookies will be
done in ten.
- SONYA: Thank you, baby.
- Anything for you.
- JASMINE: Mm-mm, mm-mm, mm!
What you been doing, Sonya?!
- Where did you find him?!
- My gosh, I was sittin' here
thinking the same thing,
what's up?
- You know, he is a keeper,
isn't he?
- JASMINE: Girl.
- A girl at work introduced us,
and get this.
- JASMINE: Mm-hmm.
- He's studying to become
a pastor.
- Okay, okay, so he wanna
be a pastor.
- SONYA: Mm-hmm.
- Have you been
to the mountaintop?!
[screams, laughs]
- [laughing]
- Have you been?
- SONYA: [laughing]
- Okay, yeah, uh,
how are things working
in the sex department?
- Um, you know what?
We're working on that.
You know,
I'm still breaking him in.
- Breaking him in or breaking
him also?
- BRIANA: [laughs]
- [teasing laugh]
- Hey! [laughing]
Okay, okay, well,
how long have you known him?
And why haven't you told us
about him?
You tell us about
every other guy.
- 'Cause I didn't wanna
jinx it,
and you know you talk too much.
- Hmm, you do talk
too much, Bri.
- We've been taking it slow,
he's a keeper,
we only just now started
discussing, like,
being exclusive.
- Okay, I respect that.
- It's only been nine months.
- [coughs] And no sex?!
Oh, no!
- Is that all you think about?
- Uh, yes!
- Sonya. Girl--
- Stop it. He wants
to do things God's way, okay?
He wants to develop a more
emotional,
spiritual connection first.
- Mm-mm, he gotta go.
- Girl, you better make
some contact.
Connection, contact.
- Yeah, test it out.
- And you know what?
That's why you're single.
- But I'm relaxed.
- Single.
- Mm. This is so good.
- Ah. So.
Tell me about your husband.
- BOTH: [laughing]
- Besides the obvious
successful businessman.
- Well, there isn't much to say.
Not good anyway. [laughs]
- Wow.
- Are we really gonna do this?
- Yes. Really are.
- Well, after my mom died,
on the same day that what
happened between us happened,
I was...very messed up.
I knew there was no way
that I could survive
that kind of pain again,
so I closed myself off
to pretty much everyone,
buried myself in work,
and did my damndest
to succeed at everything I could
to make Daddy happy again.
But in the process,
I lost myself.
Could never quite reconnect
with that positive dreamer
I used to be.
Kevin, do you remember how much
I loved music and singing?
- I sure do. [chuckles]
- Well, I just found out
the other day that my husband
had no idea.
- What?
- Yeah, he had no idea
and he also didn't care.
- What? Like, where did
this come from?
- I don't know, but come on,
I knew the man I was marrying.
You know, Robert is the kind
of guy who loves a challenge.
And for years I think he saw me
as some sort of mystery.
I don't know, figure out
how to crack the code
and get beneath the surface,
and I never let him in.
He gave up and now we're more
like...roommates
than husband and wife.
- Mm-mm-mm.
Roommates?
- Mm-hmm.
- [laughs]
- Yeah, if I'm gonna compare it
to something, I would say
were're roommates, and--
- That's funny.
- That's very pathetic.
- You good with me. You good.
That's... [laughs]
Wow. [laughs]
- Oh, my gosh!
Okay, enough of my drama.
What's yours? What's--what's up
with you?
- Oh. Mine?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well. Me and Gabrielle,
we--we met in Toronto
after one of my games and...
everything was great with us.
And me, you know?
Until the injuries started
piling up and then, finally,
after five average seasons,
I was like, "I'm done with this.
I'm done," you know?
And I give her some credit,
you know,
she tried to stick about while
I dibbled and dabbled
into the coaching thing,
but that wasn't her thing, so...
mm, she started sneaking around
with one of my former teammates.
[chuckles]
- What a cunt.
- Yeah.
- [laughs]
- Big one.
- And I'm not sorry I said that.
- Oh, it's all good.
It's all good.
The good thing is...
me and you talking again.
- This is kinda nice, isn't it?
[laughs]
Oh, do you remember
after school,
how we'd meet at the park
and we'd sit on the bench
and you would tell me about
your day
and I would tell you about mine.
- My days was never good.
- [laughing]
- Well, mine sucked
'cause everybody teased me.
- No, it's okay.
We was kids, you know.
- Why are kids so mean?
- No filters.
- [laughing]
- Right?
- Filters?
- No filter, they just go.
Just go with the flow.
- [laughs] Hmm.
- Hey, um...
- Hmm? [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
- I'm sorry about that.
I didn't mean to,
I'm very sorry.
♪
♪ Ooh, ah
♪ I can't get rid of you
if I tried
♪ A thousand times or more
♪ Wait.
♪ I'm doing miserably
♪ And it's killing me
just wondering
♪ If you're missing me
like I'm missing you
♪ Try to hide the pain,
but it's visible
♪ And I want this thing
to work out
♪ But I can't play
a fool for long
♪ I can't keep loving you
♪ And letting you do me wrong
♪ Just meet me halfway, baby
♪ Show me that you care for me
♪ And I'll be right there
- INSTRUCTOR: Welcome
to Booty Blast Mondays.
No excuses, make it happen.
- SONYA: Girl you did what?
He kissed you?
- Hmm.
- Good job, ladies.
- Wait, that's all y'all did,
right?
- Well...
- Yes, ma'am.
- You had sex too?!
Oh, you slut!
Well?
- Well what?
- Was it good?
- Oh, my God,
it was amazing! [laughs]
- [squeaks, laughs]
- It was so intense,
but still, he was gentle
and romantic...
- Damn, girl, stop gushing.
- Jasmine, that was totally
not cool, what about Robert?
- God, don't you think I feel
horrible about that?
But... [sighs] We haven't
been happy in years, alright?
And I was the one who was
stupid enough to think
that moving back here was
gonna change anything,
but it's only gotten worse.
- Yeah, Jasmine,
but you are still married.
You know you have to honor that.
- Don't be such
a buzzkill, okay?
If the girl wants to have
a little fun, let her.
We know he's had plenty of it.
- Oh, don't you even go there,
girl, look.
This guy isn't even trying
to hide it anymore.
- Mm-mm, girl,
you're better than me.
- Okay, what is with all this
foreplay on the mat?
- Seriously.
- JASMINE: [laughs]
What's up with that?
Um. [clears throat] Excuse me.
- Yeah, um, hello? Hi.
[exhales]
- Five more minutes.
- Five more--?
- INSTRUCTOR: Yeah.
- [exhales]
Damn, does he even know
we exist over here?
- [exhales] Oh, my God,
did you--?
- [laughing]
- BRIANA: He is fine, okay?
And I am single!
How else you think we get
such cheap rates?
- Briana, you are so bad.
[laughs]
- I'm sorry.
- Girl.
We about to get the whole
year for free.
- [laughing]
-
- You know, God gave us
ten commandments.
- [agreeing]
- But he broke it down
into two.
He said love God
with your heart, soul and mind.
Second he gave us,
love your neighbor
as you love yourself.
You got to love yourself
before you love your neighbors.
- WOMAN: Mm-mm.
- WOMAN 2: Yeah.
- And when you get to know you,
you get to know God.
- CONGREGATION: [agreeing]
- Don't worry about what
you did.
Because guess what?
God's grace and mercy
is sufficient.
- [agreeing]
- This is not like my mama,
at all.
Mama you was quiet
the whole trip, what's wrong?
- You don't wanna hear
what I have to say.
- It's about Jasmine.
What is it? Hmm?
- What you're doing is wrong.
- What I'm doing is wrong?
Because we still care
for each other?
- Because she's still
someone else's wife.
Until that changes on paper...
it's wrong, it's a sin.
I raised you better
than this.
- [phone ringing]
- Look, Mama, you--you just
don't understand.
- What are yout talking about,
boy? She's a married woman.
You're not in high school,
this is now
a dangerous game you're playing.
- Mama, she a grown woman,
alright?
And we're just having fun.
- Does she know it's just fun?
- [phone ringing]
- That girl has been through
enough, she's lost.
She need Jesus, not you
having fun at her expense.
Don't break her heart
all over again,
I raised you better than this.
You may be your father's son,
but you're not your father,
and I just want you to know,
God don't reward ugly.
- I hear you, Mom, and...
I'm not gonna hurt her, alright?
- Alright, alright.
I rest my case, I've said
all I got to say.
- KEVIN: Thank you.
- You come over here
and sit down and I'll fix you
something to eat.
- [phone ringing]
- So is your ex your friend too?
Boy,
you playing with fire.
- Ma. Stop.
- [motorcycle approaching]
♪ You are my life
♪ Every little thing about you
♪ My sacrifice
♪ I'm down
to be with you, girl
♪ Baby, I'll beg you,
Baby, I'll beg you
♪ Beg you, baby
♪ Baby, I'll beg you,
Baby, I'll beg you
♪ Beg you, baby, yeah
♪ You are my life
♪ Every little thing about you
- [motorcycle engine roaring]
♪ All the pain
I put you through
♪ If you walked away,
what could I do?
♪ Put this mirror
to your face, girl
♪ Say that you forgive me
♪ Say that you would give me
one more chance
♪ I promise I'mma do you right,
baby
♪ 'Cause what we have
is worth the fight, girl
♪ I know enough
is enough, girl
♪ I just can't keep --ing
up, girl
♪ I keep betraying
your trust, girl
♪ Ooh, girl
[unintelligible]
♪ with you but I see you
- with me
♪ Gotta make it right
- JASMINE: [yelling, laughing]
♪ Just don't shut me out,
please hear me
- Yeah, touchdown!
♪ You are my life
♪ Every little thing
about you
♪ My sacrifice
♪ I'm down with it,
I need you girl
- [doorbell chimes]
- I already know who it is:
Wally.
The person who don't pay
attention and don't listen.
Wally, I said two hours man!
Why don't you never liste--?
- GABRIELLE: Hey, baby.
- Gabrielle.
- Sorry to drop in
on you like this.
- I thought you was in Seattle.
- And I was,
but we weren't
getting anywhere over the phone
and I wanted to see you
face to face.
[chuckles] Your mom gave me
your home address.
I just can't figure out
for the life of me
why that woman doesn't like me.
- I can tell you a million
reasons why.
Hold on, wha--what--what
you doing here?
- I know that we both messed up,
okay?
But...
I missed you.
- You said "We both."
I didn't cheat!
- Well, I don't know that!
I wasn't with you all those
times you were on the road!
- What are you talkin' about?!
you slept with my teammate!
- Former teammate!
- Same thing, Gabrielle!
- When you say it like that
you make it sound
like I was making my rounds.
- Oh, my God, what did he do?
Throw you to the curb?
And now you wanna
come back to me? Huh?!
- Actually, I kicked him
to the curb.
- KEVIN: [scoffs]
- And he was a loser.
But really, I realized that...
...all I want is you.
- That's nice and sweet of you.
But...when is your flight?
Hmm? When is your flight?
Because...I am a totally
different man now,
I'm doing different things
that I like and I'm managing
this kid and it's like--
it's unbelievable.
- I know. And I love
this new you, baby,
and I just--I wanna share that
with you.
- No, no, no sharing.
None of that.
- Why?!
What? What?
Is there somebody else?
Ah.
Who?
- Jasmine.
Yes.
- Huh.
- And I intend not to mess it
up this time around.
Not at all.
- Wait a minute.
Jasmine?
Didn't you tell me
that she was married?
- My God, what--what--
what is this?!
You sound just like my mom.
Come on, now.
- Oh. [laughs]
- KEVIN: All that, man.
It's wack.
- Oh, okay. Okay.
Well, somebody's gotta
talk some sense into you,
because sounds like you forgot.
Oh, God.
Well, when she breaks
your heart,
I will be right here
to pick up the pieces.
Where's your bathroom at?
I need to wash up,
my flight's in the morning
and...I hope that you'll
come with me.
And by the way,
my bags are in the car.
- The left door.
The left side.
♪ She's the reason
why I seen
♪ The horizon of my sleep,
hey
♪ And she's nothing short
of the air I breathe
♪ Ooh
♪ She's the definition
of a queen
♪ Ooh
♪ God blessed me
when he made you
♪ Ooh
♪ Living proof
that dreams come true
♪ Ooh, baby
♪ You are something
I can't lose
♪ Girl, there's nothing
in this world
♪ That I won't do for you
♪ You're my everything,
my everything
♪ You're my everything
- Kevin? Kevin.
[laughs] Your door was open
so I just kinda let myself in.
- Oh.
- Is that safe to do
in these parts?
- It's a white neighborhood.
- JASMINE: [laughs]
- Oh. Um. Hi.
- Thi--thi--this is, um--
- Gabrielle.
And you?
- Jasmine.
- Oh, my God.
Kevin is such a bad boy, he--
- KEVIN: What are you doing,
Gabrielle?
- He's always so secretive
about his friends, but--
- Gabrielle, what do--what--
what are you doing?
- Don't worry about it, girl,
it's okay, we all make mistakes,
but you're welcome to come by
later if you want.
Um, at least I'll be dressed
and have on some panties.
- Jasmine, listen, listen--
- GABRIELLE:
What are you gonna do?
- Get off of me! Get off of me!
- No! No! Listen, listen!
I promise you, listen!
Come here!
- [door slams]
- [sobbing]
- GABRIELLE AND KEVIN:
[arguing]
- [sobbing]
Oh, my God.
Why are you so stupid?!
[sobbing]
You're married.
What the hell are you doing?
- Gabrielle.
Look, when I get back,
I need you and your stuff
out my house. ASAP.
- [sighs]
- Okay.
- [engine starts]
♪ Lost in a world
I can't let go
♪ I huff and I cuss
so no one knows
♪ I say I'm doing better
♪ But my heart
won't let me let up
♪ Just can't get you
off my mind
♪ I still tune in
to our favorite show
♪ Pretend as if you didn't go
♪ But I'm here by myself
while you're with someone else
♪ Girl, it's a sin how much
I need you
♪ I don't understand
♪ What made you up
and leave me
♪ I want you back
♪ It's like we stopped
believing
♪ I do what I can to get
my baby back
♪ We can't go down like that,
it's sad but it's been bleak
♪ Since you left
♪ Bleak
Being by myself
♪ Can't do nothing without you
with me
- MALE OPERATOR: The number
you have dialed
did not accept this call.
♪ Got nothing else
♪ I'm shouting out, girl,
can you hear me?
♪ I need you
♪ We need to...try to start
over again
♪ Without you, girl,
I'm [unintelligible]
♪ I guess I must
admit the pain
♪ I can't do this
one more day
♪ Can't get no sleep,
my body's tossing, turning
♪ It's hard to think 'cause
you're the one
♪ I'm yearning for
♪ These girls just don't
compare
♪ And I don't think it's fair
♪ That you see that
I'm miserable
♪ And you don't even care
♪ What can I do but sulk
in my surrounding?
♪ I try to move but it just
feel like I'm drowning
♪ I try to reach out,
but you just shut me down
♪ Feels like my clock
just ran out
♪ Don't understand what made
you up and leave me
♪ I was your man...
- [vomiting]
♪
♪ Ooh, ooh
♪ Find your rainbow
♪ Today things
ain't going my way
♪ But I'm still here
♪ And I'm still smiling
♪ And even though it's been
raining all day
♪ I can still see...
- [laughs]
- Congratulations.
- [laughing]
- Two months pregnant.
- Two months done.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm so happy.
- Me too.
- [sighs]
- A new beginning.
- To new beginnings.
I love you, Mr. Washington.
- And I love you,
Mrs. Washington.
And...little Washington--
- Oh. [laughs]
- [crickets chirping]
- [indistinct chatter, laughter]
- Star Wars!
- [gasps]
- [cheering]
- Come on, the easiest
movie in the world?!
- Alright, everybody, alright,
that makes it three games to two
our lead, baby.
- BRIANA: Okay, we got this.
We got it.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Real quick, bathroom break.
- No!
- ALL: [groaning]
- Just like work,
always in the bathroom.
- No more margaritas, man,
this is bathroom break number
three, come on!
- Margaritas ain't even
my favorite drink anyway.
I gotta pee!
- [laughter]
- Uh, any thoughts
on the baby's name yet?
- We haven't discussed
names yet.
- No?
- No.
- There's a wager going
around the office,
doesn't matter who comes first,
it's gonna be Robert Junior.
Doesn't matter what gender.
- Uh, no, maybe if it's a boy,
but we'll see.
- That's not what he said
when we went golfing. [laughs]
- Just so you know,
if you'd like to skim
through the book of names,
we have a book
that's been passed through
generations in my family.
- Uh-uh, ain't nobody
trying to name their baby
Vladimir Irogoslavic.
- And what's wrong with
Vladimir Iroslavic?
- Oh, I'll tell you what's
wrong with Vladimir--
- No.
- [indistinct arguing]
- Your middle name is amazing.
- No, it's not. I'm back.
- We're never gonna finish,
let's go.
- Okay, ding, ding, ding, ding!
Potty break time. Sorry, guys.
- ALL: [complaining]
- Its fault, not mine.
- Hey, the queen is peeing
for two now,
y'all get off her back!
- [distant laughter]
- [heels clicking]
- [background chatter]
[background chatter continues]
- [phone dinging]
[dinging continues]
- [background chatter]
- [phone dings]
- [exhales]
- [background chatter, laughter]
- [sighs]
Oh, God.
-
- [crickets chirping]
- [gasps] Ow.
[exhales]
♪
- Ow. [panting]
[groaning]
[crying, coughing]
[sobbing]
Oh. Oh, baby, no.
Oh, my God.
[sobbing]
Oh, my God. Baby.
Ow, my God, no.
[sobbing]
♪
- JASMINE: Oh, God, no!
[crying]
Oh, my God.
[sobbing]
- How are you feeling?
These things happen.
It makes no sense to beat
yourelf up over it.
When the time and circumstances
are right,
it will happen.
Glad you could make it.
- Hey.
- I can't.
- I know.
- I can't do this anymore.
I'll get the paperwork started.
- [sighs]
- [snoring]
- [phone ringing]
- Hello?
- SONYA: Hey, Kevin?
I know that you don't know me,
but I'm Jasmine's friend.
She doesn't know
that I'm calling you,
but something really bad
happened.
- I'll be back later.
- [sighs]
What are you doing here?
- I don't have
nowhere else to go.
- Sonya and her big mouth.
- Glad her big mouth called me.
- Shouldn't you be
with your girlfriend?
- Uh, I told you
that I was done with that.
You just chose to come
to the house at the wrong time.
That's all.
- I lost my baby.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- I lost everything.
- Don't say that--
- My baby, my husband.
- Don't say that, stop.
Look, stop, stop.
- [sobs]
- Look, you got me.
I'm not going nowhere, okay?
Never and again would
I leave you, I promise.
♪ Said that this would be
the end of me
♪ Says here, "To be loved..."
♪ I admit you had me
down for a while
♪ Yes, you did
♪ But I know I'm the sh--
♪ So you can watch me
take my bow
♪ Watch me take my bow, yeah
♪ With my back against the wall
I stood up strong, yeah
♪ Refused to fall,
came out swinging with my all
♪ Boy, what is wrong with you?
♪ It was time to learn
my worth
♪ Prayed to God
and went to church
♪ Pulled my faith up out
the dirt, He heard my call
♪ If you're looking for
a winner
♪ You ain't gotta look
no further than me
♪ If you're looking
for a winner
♪ It's guaranteed,
put your money on me
♪ And I ain't talking
no beginner
♪ Beginner, beginner
♪ Out of school,
I'm the best in these streets
♪ If you're looking
for a winner
- [laughing]
Oh, it's pretty.
- I wanted to tell you
good luck with everything.
- Yeah. Look, I--I really
think you should come with me.
I really want you to come.
- I told you I can't.
- Won't you rethink it, then?
- Kevin, we have already
had this discussion.
Please don't make it harder
than it has to be.
- Okay, I won't.
- I wanted to tell you
thank you.
For being there
when I needed you.
I guess you finally
redeemed yourself.
- [chuckles]
- [laughs]
- Well, I hope that we don't
gotta wait another 17 years
to see each other again.
- What?!
Better not be 17 years,
you know I'll hunt you down.
Don't play with me.
- I know you will.
But, um, look.
I know you're not looking
for nothing at the moment.
But if you think about it and--
- Kevin.
At this point,
after this divorce,
all I can handle is
clearing my head
and maybe getting in
some me time.
I was even thinking of
moving back to the East Coast.
You know, Daddy's getting
a little older,
and maybe I need to be
a bit closer.
You understand that, right?
- I do, and I respect that.
- Maybe I can open up
my own clinic.
You gonna be a big-time
sports agent. [laughs]
- Hopefully.
Got my guy back 100%,
you know, your team, so...
- Mm-hmm. I told you
that's what I do.
- Yeah, yeah, you did.
- [laughs] Alright, boy,
get out of here
before you miss your flight.
- Right.
I'm really gonna miss you.
I really am.
- Be safe, okay?
- Look, if you ever need me,
just know I'll always
be there for you.
- I know.
-
- [inaudbile]
♪
- [exhales]
[deep breath]
[sighs]
- [foot tapping]
- Damn it.
-
- JASMINE: Kevin!
Kevin!
Can a girl have second thoughts?
- Hey, give me one second, man.
- You sure?
- Yes.
Of that I am.
-
- [crying]
- I love you.
-
- [birds chirping]
- [bells ringing]
- Whoa, whoa. Hey, hey.
What's up, buddy?
- Ooh, hey, baby.
- Hey, look, I am so sorry.
I had to park four blocks away.
- That's why we should've
Ubered.
- You're right.
- The last time I drove,
the deacon's wife
cursed me out
and threatened to kick my a--
my behind all over the place
until she realized
we were from the same church.
- Wait, wait, that's the same
lady who has
a "Jesus is my driver" sticker
on the car, right?
- Yeah, so I roll down
the window and I said to her,
"Jesus ain't got the wheel
today!"
- [laughing]
- You still don't know it, man.
- Would y'all leave
that woman alone?
-Look baby, it's funny, it's
like,
if you see it,
you would laugh too,
I promise you'd really laugh.
It's just hilarious, like...
- Yeah? Oh. Ow.
- What's wrong?
- [nervous laugh]
That little guy's trying
to kick his way out. Ow.
- Okay, now, now, listen, Son,
you gotta be easy on your mama,
okay? Today she got
a big day.
- WALLY: He's talking to it.
- [laughs]
- Are you done?
- Look, I know it's been
a while.
You sure you're ready for this?
- I hope so.
- I'm sure she's fine.
So Terry. I called him today.
Do you think thta he got us
good seats for the game?
Because I called about
courtside seats,
and I asked for 12
and he, like, hung up
like I was asking for his
first born.
- Wally go inside, man, you know
how much Laker tickets cost?
- They don't have, like,
a birthday stash somewhere?
- KEVIN: No, they don't got it,
especially for you.
- [applause]
- Let the church say Amen.
- Amen!
- Truly, God's been good
to us over the years.
- CONGREGATION: [agreeing]
- And what a better way
to celebrate to see our sister
Jas in here today.
Jas, I've seen her grow
over the years...
and I tell you,
I have missed her voice.
And she's gonna bring us
a song.
Let's receive Sister Jasmine.
- BRIANA: Alright, girl.
Sing, Jasmine!
- [applause]
- You'll be alright.
- [gasps] Milton. [laughs]
Hello, everybody.
- MILTON: Hey.
- Hi.
- MILTON: [laughs]
- I just wanna say
it's such a blessing
to see you all in the crowd
to support me.
Thank you so much to all
my family and friends
for being here on this
very special day.
So, it's been a very long time,
so please bear with me, okay?
Feels so good to finally
be back home.
♪
♪ Time and time again
I ran away from
your will for me
But you never leave
'Cause you're more
than a friend
You proved your love
just for me
When you paid
my ransom
I can never repay
But it's my turn to give back
this life that you freely gave
Paid the price for me
Now I die no more, I...
I pick up my cross
to follow you
Back to the altar,
back on my knees
♪ Back to the place where
I first received
♪ Your unfailing love
Forever I'll be...
Redeemed
Time and time again
I ran away from
your will for me
But you never leave
♪ Cause you're more
than a friend
Proved your love
just for me
When you paid my ransom
I can never repay
But it's my turn to give back
this life that you freely gave
Paid the price for me
Now I die no more, I...
I pick up my cross
to follow you
♪ CHOIR: Back to the altar,
back on my knees
Back to the place where
I first received
♪ JASMINE:
Your unfailing love
Now forever I'll be...
Redeemed
I'm running
♪ CHOIR: Back to the altar,
back on my knees
Back to the place
where I first received
♪ JASMINE:
Your unfailing love
Everything that I am
Yours, I'm all yours
And it's time to let go
I'm running back
to the altar
Back on my knees
Back to the place where
I first received
Your unfailing love
Now forever I'll be...
Redeemed...
♪ Baby
Girl, you're my love
Baby, God must have sent you
from up above
Baby
Come and sit close
to me
I wanna sing about
how much really mean to me
Listen, lady
♪ I wanna say to you
With every part of me
I got to say to you
♪ You're everything I need
- I'm talking to you, girl
- You were made for me
- My baby
♪ Baby
Look what we've come to be
Ever since the day, girl,
time brought you to me
Baby
I'm glad to call you mine
Girl, you're so beautiful
I know they're looking
all the time
But listen
♪ I wanna say to you
With every part of me
I got to say to you
You're everything I need
♪ Sit down,
let's talk about it
- You were made for me
- Tell you
- You were made for me...